README.md, before:

# Resources for Oromo Learners

Hello. This is a compiled list of books and dictionaries that teach the Oromo language. Some of them date all the way back to the 19th century. The google drive links to each book can be found here in the read me file. 

## Dictionaries

| Title | Google Drive Link |
| --- | --- |
| A Galla English Dictionary | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1V22VBUBLbscLK3K2RmBfiNlGnXAjoGUs/view?usp=drive_link |
| A Dictionary of Oromo Technical Terms | https://drive.google.com/file/d/193rbThIqaztwjmzcmkx-dnZpZAb1uajd/view?usp=drive_link |
| Comprehensive English-Afaan Oromoo Dictionary | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZoMtQiV99HjiIydQ95wwTRXz4Cd6dao7/view?usp=drive_link |
| A Concise Dictionary of Orma Oromo (Kenyan Oromo) | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sT70yNO17qdAM5lOxqW6U3uIAkAQ7_9C/view?usp=drive_link |
| Oromo Dictionary & Phrasebook | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_OXpEQkGUSCFcgW4rwzGyXi3wyfcGrYA/view?usp=drive_link |
| Vocabulary of the Galla Language | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1BI8E4v9cBBo3aaHFdMFPlklkzwtviqR8/view?usp=drive_link |


## Grammar Guides

| Title | Google Drive Link |
| --- | --- |
| A Grammar of the Galla Language | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DMdsIEwy9vGsk2OGcMI26XUxLT8-wZWa/view?usp=drive_link |
| A Grammatical Sketch of Written Oromo | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Inj_TSmjP6cKwG2uk2YXc8va5XV_e2KF/view?usp=drive_link |
| An Imperfect Outline of the Elements of the Galla Language | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Hh8tmhbvr0FIypkwC5S8R6YUcJA2rvca/view?usp=drive_link |
| Conditional Expressions in Oromo | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vf7yqSqmYQmxghfuKyUXs5NaS7TNyNyy/view?usp=drive_link |
| The Oromo of Wollega | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MqyZc7CMEswbhe7sLNlrDJ29N_G7hur6/view?usp=drive_link |
| The Phrase Structures of Ethiopian Oromo | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gdf5ZItTqqXG8VamCBJUuzhT-TwZ_Z99/view?usp=drive_link |

## Language Overviews

| Title | Google Drive Link |
| --- | --- |
| Afaan Oromo as Second Language | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1j3I3knWA0IrFAYz1s81qqLtk4RruzKot/view?usp=drive_link |
| Handbook of the Oromo Language | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1e6wVoRgA3XxkmvCNsPnym07nAgb2ohqu/view?usp=drive_link |
| Nominalization via Verbal Derivation in Amharic, Tigrinya, and Oromo | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YWbR13eqp8sxQM1Wu_3gAQRt_2O-vuQE/view?usp=drive_link |
| Pluralization in Oromo | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sfoCiieIdl-iBRLrfI7LObt6Q0ZkiMUS/view?usp=drive_link |
| The Oxford Handbook of Ethiopian Languages (Oromo Excerpt) | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1igHPb0L8m-fiS6hxrfV-BmXsXJqzrZei/view?usp=drive_link |

## Random

| Title | Google Drive Link |
| --- | --- |
| Oromo Proverbs | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1qiWisxInj7yaLJ3xCmCW_2-MXwmq5VXI/view?usp=drive_link |
| Priceless Spoken English-Amharic, Oromo, English | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PvFNg1PHjnMbz8n9zhFu7YSbfRKa7cli/view?usp=drive_link |

Commit message:

Added:  A Preliminary Survey of Some of the Elements of Oromo Verbs

README.md, after:

# Resources for Oromo Learners

Hello. This is a compiled list of books and dictionaries that teach the Oromo language. Some of them date all the way back to the 19th century. The google drive links to each book can be found here in the read me file. Otherwise, feel free to clone the repository and store all the resources all at once.

## Dictionaries

| Title | Google Drive Link |
| --- | --- |
| A Galla English Dictionary | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1V22VBUBLbscLK3K2RmBfiNlGnXAjoGUs/view?usp=drive_link |
| A Dictionary of Oromo Technical Terms | https://drive.google.com/file/d/193rbThIqaztwjmzcmkx-dnZpZAb1uajd/view?usp=drive_link |
| Comprehensive English-Afaan Oromoo Dictionary | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZoMtQiV99HjiIydQ95wwTRXz4Cd6dao7/view?usp=drive_link |
| A Concise Dictionary of Orma Oromo (Kenyan Oromo) | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sT70yNO17qdAM5lOxqW6U3uIAkAQ7_9C/view?usp=drive_link |
| Oromo Dictionary & Phrasebook | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1_OXpEQkGUSCFcgW4rwzGyXi3wyfcGrYA/view?usp=drive_link |
| Vocabulary of the Galla Language | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1BI8E4v9cBBo3aaHFdMFPlklkzwtviqR8/view?usp=drive_link |

## Grammar Guides

| A Grammar of the Galla Language | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1DMdsIEwy9vGsk2OGcMI26XUxLT8-wZWa/view?usp=drive_link |
| --- | --- |
| A Grammatical Sketch of Written Oromo | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Inj_TSmjP6cKwG2uk2YXc8va5XV_e2KF/view?usp=drive_link |
| An Imperfect Outline of the Elements of the Galla Language | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Hh8tmhbvr0FIypkwC5S8R6YUcJA2rvca/view?usp=drive_link |
| Conditional Expressions in Oromo | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vf7yqSqmYQmxghfuKyUXs5NaS7TNyNyy/view?usp=drive_link |
| The Oromo of Wollega | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MqyZc7CMEswbhe7sLNlrDJ29N_G7hur6/view?usp=drive_link |
| The Phrase Structures of Ethiopian Oromo | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1gdf5ZItTqqXG8VamCBJUuzhT-TwZ_Z99/view?usp=drive_link |

## Language Overviews

| Afaan Oromo as Second Language | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1j3I3knWA0IrFAYz1s81qqLtk4RruzKot/view?usp=drive_link |
| --- | --- |
| Handbook of the Oromo Language | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1e6wVoRgA3XxkmvCNsPnym07nAgb2ohqu/view?usp=drive_link |
| Nominalization via Verbal Derivation in Amharic, Tigrinya, and Oromo | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1YWbR13eqp8sxQM1Wu_3gAQRt_2O-vuQE/view?usp=drive_link |
| Pluralization in Oromo | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1sfoCiieIdl-iBRLrfI7LObt6Q0ZkiMUS/view?usp=drive_link |
| The Oxford Handbook of Ethiopian Languages (Oromo Excerpt) | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1igHPb0L8m-fiS6hxrfV-BmXsXJqzrZei/view?usp=drive_link |
| A Preliminary Survey of Some of the Elements of Oromo Verbs | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1WZoUjNimlM-BStFfgrucBZE2IorxyEnm/view?usp=drive_link |

## Random

| Oromo Proverbs | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1qiWisxInj7yaLJ3xCmCW_2-MXwmq5VXI/view?usp=drive_link |
| --- | --- |
| Priceless Spoken English-Amharic, Oromo, English | https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PvFNg1PHjnMbz8n9zhFu7YSbfRKa7cli/view?usp=drive_link |
